
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.369338                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1369338489500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1369338489500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 568840                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   715568                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7789348622                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 845460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   175.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       125775688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          125798408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     63987768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        63987768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         15721961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            15724801                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       7998471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            7998471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              16592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           91851422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              91868014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         16592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        46728963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             46728963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        46728963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             16592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          91851422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            138596978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    15724801                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    7998471                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  15724801                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  7998471                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1006384960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                90586880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               125798408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             63987768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               6583028                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      7591192                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            983742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            981408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            980502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            980016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            981972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            984188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            984745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            983781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            983410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            983182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           982966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           982561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           982307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           982941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           983966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           983078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             88748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             88709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             89508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             88558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             87572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             88760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             88511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             87368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             87940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            87676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            88312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            88466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            87469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            89375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            89169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1369338260500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              15724801                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              7998471                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15659221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   8873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  10006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  86444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  87273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  87275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  87267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  87260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  87267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  87258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  87267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  87284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  87397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  87542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  87718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  87269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  87568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  87313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1782386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    615.451082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   369.369350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   435.284033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       484301     27.17%     27.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       125190      7.02%     34.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        85462      4.79%     38.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        69579      3.90%     42.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        78216      4.39%     47.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15813      0.89%     48.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12222      0.69%     48.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        24504      1.37%     50.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       887099     49.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1782386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        87250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     180.226430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    111.357966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    410.859884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        87223     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           24      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         87250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        87250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.222579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.211083                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.630604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            77189     88.47%     88.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1128      1.29%     89.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             8520      9.77%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              401      0.46%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               11      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         87250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  70864359000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            365703702750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                78623825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4506.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                23256.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       734.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        66.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     91.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     46.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14226324                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1131468                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      57721.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6718768560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3665994750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             61310737800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4598499600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          89438412960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         650599918335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         250900458750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1067232790755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            779.379267                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 409418155500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   45725160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  914194278500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6756069600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3686347500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             61342374600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4573422000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          89438412960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         649488378150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         251875494000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1067160498810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            779.326473                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 410950644500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   45725160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  912661111750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2738676979                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540074                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332165                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576153                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968381                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018775                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644615                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2738676979                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960293      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683575     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374160     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644615     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794189                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          15843127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         16133.255955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            49159341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          15859511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.099676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       22946037500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 16133.255955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.984696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          513                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1056161143                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1056161143                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     39562049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39562049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8894918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8894918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data       702374                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       702374                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      48456967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         48456967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     48456967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        48456967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7746629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7746629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       698806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       698806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8445435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8445435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8510971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8510971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 577719332500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 577719332500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  58612913000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  58612913000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 547859721000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 547859721000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 636332245500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 636332245500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 636332245500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 636332245500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.163746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.912758                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.912758                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.149399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74576.868532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74576.868532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83875.801009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83875.801009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74553.546827                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74553.546827                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75346.296017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75346.296017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74766.116052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74766.116052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8224776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8224776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7746629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7746629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       698806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       698806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8445435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8445435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8510971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8510971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 569972703500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 569972703500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  57914107000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57914107000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5041649000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5041649000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 540511181000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 540511181000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 627886810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 627886810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 632928459500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 632928459500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.163746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.072840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.912758                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912758                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.149399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73576.868532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73576.868532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82875.801009                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82875.801009                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76929.458618                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76929.458618                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73553.546827                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73553.546827                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74346.296017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74346.296017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74366.186831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74366.186831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 9                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2066.180575                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135708542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          47784.697887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2066.180575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.126110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.126110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.172791                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271425604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271425604                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    135708542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135708542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     135708542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135708542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    135708542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135708542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    213776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    213776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75273.239437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75273.239437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75273.239437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75273.239437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75273.239437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75273.239437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74273.239437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74273.239437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74273.239437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74273.239437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74273.239437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74273.239437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  15609231                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 120442.525735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7910439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  15729343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.502910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              1302846502500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    74942.394650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         35.486340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      45464.644762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.571765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.346868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.918904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        120112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4741                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        39957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        74895                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.916382                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  55482176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 55482176                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8224776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8224776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                9                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              17504                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 17504                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         120013                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            120013                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data             33                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total                33                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                137517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   137517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               137517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  137517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           681302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              681302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      7692152                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7692152                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8373454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8376294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8373454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8376294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  56682106000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56682106000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    206676000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    206676000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 562035965000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 562035965000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 529488024500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 529488024500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     206676000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  618718071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     618924747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    206676000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 618718071000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    618924747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8224776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8224776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            9                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         698806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            698806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      7812165                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       7812165                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data      7348540                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       7348540                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8510971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8513811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8510971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8513811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.974952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.974952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.984638                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.984638                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.999996                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.983842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.983848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.983842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.983848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83196.740946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83196.740946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72773.239437                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72773.239437                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73066.154309                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73066.154309                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72053.823246                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72053.823246                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72773.239437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73890.424549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73890.045765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72773.239437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73890.424549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73890.045765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              7998471                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7998471                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        17460                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         17460                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       681302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         681302                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7692152                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      7692152                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8373454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8376294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8373454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8376294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49869086000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49869086000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178276000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178276000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 485114445000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 485114445000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 456002954500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 456002954500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178276000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 534983531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 535161807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178276000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 534983531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 535161807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.974952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.984638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999996                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999996                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.983842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.983848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.983842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73196.740946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73196.740946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62773.239437                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62773.239437                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63066.154309                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63066.154309                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62053.823246                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62053.823246                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62773.239437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63890.424549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63890.045765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62773.239437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63890.424549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63890.045765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7694992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7998471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          7591192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8029809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8029809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7694992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     47039265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     47039265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               47039265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    189786176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    189786176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               189786176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          31314464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                31314464    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            31314464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         39312940500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35781371250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     31705487                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15843136                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          37028                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        37028                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7815005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16223247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        15229111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           698806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          698806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7812165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      7348540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      7348540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47562149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              47567838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    133885976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              133908768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        15609231                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         31471582                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001177                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034281                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               31434554     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  37028      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           31471582                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        19965136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12185241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
