
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.370993                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1370993491500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1370993491500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 516003                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   649102                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7074365438                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 845460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   193.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       125797640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          125820360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     63991624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        63991624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         15724705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            15727545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       7998953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            7998953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              16572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           91756555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              91773127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         16572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        46675367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             46675367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        46675367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             16572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          91756555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            138448494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    15727545                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    7998953                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  15727545                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  7998953                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1006559040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                90571904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               125820360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             63991624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     60                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               6583741                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      7593696                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            984234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            981783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            980534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            980065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            981957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            984171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            984818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            983825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            983410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            983179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           983025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           982659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           982375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           983343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           984305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           983802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             88820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             88636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             89442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             88464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             87488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             88815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             88469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             87425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             87887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            87667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            88207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            88456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            87538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            89386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            89191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1370993262500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              15727545                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              7998953                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15661942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   8778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   9897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  86105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  87266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  87270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  87260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  87253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  87263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  87254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  87262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  87284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  87393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  87554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  87848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  87266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  87809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  87302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1788119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    613.566502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   368.076758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   434.856164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       486799     27.22%     27.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       124952      6.99%     34.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        87599      4.90%     39.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        71784      4.01%     43.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        77361      4.33%     47.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        16297      0.91%     48.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        13694      0.77%     49.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        30351      1.70%     50.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       879282     49.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1788119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        87245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     180.267855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    111.418882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    415.720989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        87217     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           24      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         87245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        87245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.220826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.209357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.630022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            77298     88.60%     88.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1107      1.27%     89.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             8372      9.60%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              457      0.52%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               11      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         87245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  70872386000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            365762729750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                78637425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4506.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                23256.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       734.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        66.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     91.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     46.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14226890                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1127648                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      57783.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6740359920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3677775750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             61318725000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4597028640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          89546227680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         653227227315                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         249586212750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1068693557055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            779.506370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 407262132500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   45780280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  917945386500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6777608040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3698099625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             61355431800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4573266480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          89546227680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         652132492155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         250546533000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1068629658780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            779.459737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 408794429750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   45780280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  916412934750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2741986983                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540074                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332165                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576153                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968381                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018775                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644615                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2741986983                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960293      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683575     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374160     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644615     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794189                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          15963612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         16132.939232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            49038856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          15979996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.068765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       23109454500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 16132.939232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.984676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          80998848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         80998848                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     39456411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39456411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8883228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8883228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data       699217                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       699217                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      48339639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         48339639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     48339639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        48339639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7852267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7852267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       710496                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       710496                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data      7351697                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      7351697                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8562763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8562763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8628299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8628299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 579352305500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 579352305500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  58827126000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  58827126000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 547788328000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 547788328000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 638179431500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 638179431500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 638179431500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 638179431500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.165979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.165979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.913151                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.913151                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.150482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73781.534110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73781.534110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82797.265572                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82797.265572                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74511.820604                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74511.820604                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74529.615207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74529.615207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73963.527632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73963.527632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8344041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8344041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7852267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7852267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       710496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       710496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7351697                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      7351697                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8562763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8562763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8628299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8628299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 571500038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 571500038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  58116630000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58116630000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4998565000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4998565000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 540436631000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 540436631000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 629616668500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 629616668500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 634615233500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 634615233500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.165979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074058                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074058                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.913151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72781.534110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72781.534110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81797.265572                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81797.265572                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76272.048950                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76272.048950                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73511.820604                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73511.820604                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73529.615207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73529.615207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73550.445285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73550.445285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 9                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2067.071336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135708542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          47784.697887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2067.071336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.126164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.126164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.172791                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271425604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271425604                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    135708542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135708542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     135708542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135708542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    135708542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135708542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213470000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213470000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    213470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213470000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    213470000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75165.492958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75165.492958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75165.492958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75165.492958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75165.492958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75165.492958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74165.492958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74165.492958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74165.492958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74165.492958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74165.492958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74165.492958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  15616434                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 123203.501922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8070519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  15736652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.512849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              1303530762500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    77819.975753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         35.561229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      45347.964933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.593719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.345978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.939968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        120218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        39608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        75250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917191                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  55745302                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 55745302                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8344041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8344041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                9                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              28892                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 28892                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         223209                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            223209                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data           3190                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total              3190                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                252101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   252101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               252101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  252101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           681604                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              681604                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      7694594                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7694594                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8376198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8379038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8376198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8379038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  56747520000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56747520000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    206370000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    206370000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 562278201000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 562278201000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 529375590500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 529375590500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     206370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  619025721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     619232091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    206370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 619025721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    619232091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8344041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8344041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            9                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         710496                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            710496                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      7917803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       7917803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data      7351697                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       7351697                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8628299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8631139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8628299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8631139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.959335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.959335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.971809                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.971809                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999566                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.999566                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.970782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.970792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.970782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.970792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83255.849438                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83255.849438                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72665.492958                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72665.492958                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73074.446943                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73074.446943                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72038.522995                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72038.522995                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72665.492958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73902.947495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73902.528071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72665.492958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73902.947495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73902.528071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              7998953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7998953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        75902                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         75902                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       681604                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         681604                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7694594                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      7694594                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8376198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8379038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8376198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8379038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49931480000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49931480000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    177970000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177970000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 485332261000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 485332261000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 455890520500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 455890520500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    177970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535263741000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 535441711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    177970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535263741000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 535441711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.959335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.959335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.971809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999566                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999566                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.970782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.970792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.970782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.970792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73255.849438                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73255.849438                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62665.492958                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62665.492958                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63074.446943                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63074.446943                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62038.522995                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62038.522995                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62665.492958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63902.947495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63902.528071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62665.492958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63902.947495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63902.528071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7697434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7998953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          7593696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8030111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8030111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7697434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     47047739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     47047739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               47047739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    189811984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    189811984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               189811984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          31320194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                31320194    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            31320194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         39319152500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35787155250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     31946457                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15963621                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          99687                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        99687                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7920643                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16342994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        15237052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           710496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          710496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7917803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      7351697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      7351697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47923604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              47929293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    135778720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              135801512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        15616434                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         31599270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.056078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               31499583     99.68%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  99687      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           31599270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20145253500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12304147500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
