
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.369997                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1369996902500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1369996902500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 524440                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   659715                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7184816106                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 845460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   190.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       125790280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          125813216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     63988024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        63988024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         15723785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            15726652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       7998503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            7998503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              16742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           91817930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              91834672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         16742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        46706692                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             46706692                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        46706692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             16742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          91817930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            138541364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    15726652                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    7998503                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  15726652                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  7998503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1006502336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                90619136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               125813216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             63988024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     53                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               6582552                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      7593244                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            984167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            981715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            980506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            980037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            981948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            984164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            984801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            983888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            983396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            983175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           982987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           982574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           982312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           983201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           984184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           983544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             88921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             88706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             89460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             88530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             87546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             88860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             88481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             87376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             87906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            87726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            88343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            88475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            87550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            89483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            89249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1369996661500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              15726652                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              7998503                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15661056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   8851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  10006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  86408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  87303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  87304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  87295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  87294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  87293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  87292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  87296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  87326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  87445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  87568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  87824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  87305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  87633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  87354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1785588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    614.430903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   368.797157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   434.938048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       485471     27.19%     27.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       124861      6.99%     34.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        86893      4.87%     39.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        70817      3.97%     43.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        77756      4.35%     47.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15872      0.89%     48.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        14293      0.80%     49.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        27004      1.51%     50.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       882621     49.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1785588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        87282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     180.181263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    111.290949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    403.498264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        87252     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           26      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         87282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        87282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.222406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.210901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.630898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            77230     88.48%     88.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1141      1.31%     89.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             8475      9.71%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              424      0.49%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               11      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         87282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  70770994500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            365644725750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                78632995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4500.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                23250.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       734.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        66.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     91.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     46.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14227122                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1129799                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      57744.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6730645320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3672475125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             61317469200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4599542880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          89481132000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         652431247110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         249686457000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1067918968635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            779.508048                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 407409872250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   45747000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  916834406750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6768165600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3692947500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             61349769000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4575528000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          89481132000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         651089569995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         250863366750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1067820478845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            779.436157                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 409299554000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   45747000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  914944407250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2739993805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540074                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332165                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576153                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968381                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018775                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644615                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2739993805                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960293      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683575     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374160     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644615     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794189                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          15893732                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         16133.011456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            49108736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          15910116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.086636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       22946110500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 16133.011456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.984681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         145947820                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        145947820                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     39515647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39515647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8890715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8890715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data       702374                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       702374                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      48406362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         48406362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     48406362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        48406362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7793031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7793031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       703009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       703009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8496040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8496040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8561576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8561576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 578388607500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 578388607500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  58685679000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  58685679000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 547822661000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 547822661000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 637074286500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 637074286500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 637074286500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 637074286500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.164727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.073278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.912758                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.912758                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.149309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.150288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74218.697128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74218.697128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83477.848790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83477.848790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74548.503648                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74548.503648                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74984.850177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74984.850177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74410.866235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74410.866235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8275715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8275715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7793031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7793031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       703009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       703009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8496040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8496040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8561576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8561576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 570595576500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 570595576500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  57982670000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57982670000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5004287000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5004287000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 540474121000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 540474121000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 628578246500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 628578246500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 633582533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 633582533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.164727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073278                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073278                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.912758                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912758                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.149309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73218.697128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73218.697128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82477.848790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82477.848790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76359.359741                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76359.359741                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73548.503648                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73548.503648                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73984.850177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73984.850177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74003.026254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74003.026254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2026.338082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135708476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          46699.406745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2026.338082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.123678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.123678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167603                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         135714288                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        135714288                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    135708476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135708476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     135708476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135708476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    135708476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135708476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    217879000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217879000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    217879000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    217879000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    217879000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    217879000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74975.567791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74975.567791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74975.567791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74975.567791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74975.567791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74975.567791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214973000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214973000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73975.567791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73975.567791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73975.567791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73975.567791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73975.567791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73975.567791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  15613183                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 120447.829194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7996534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  15733503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.508249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              1303011903500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    75050.681804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         36.140358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      45361.007049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.572591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.346077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.918944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        120320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        39798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        75139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  55591966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 55591966                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8275715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8275715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          160                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              160                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              21534                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 21534                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              39                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 39                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         164764                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            164764                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data             33                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total                33                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                186298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   186337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   39                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               186298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  186337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           681475                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              681475                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      7693803                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7693803                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8375278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8378145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2867                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8375278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8378145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  56702049500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56702049500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210204500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    210204500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 562081987500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 562081987500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 529450964500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 529450964500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     210204500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  618784037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     618994241500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210204500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 618784037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    618994241500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8275715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8275715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          160                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          160                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         703009                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            703009                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2906                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      7858567                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       7858567                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data      7348540                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       7348540                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8561576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8564482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8561576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8564482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.969369                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.969369                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986579                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.986579                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.979034                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979034                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.999996                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.986579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.978240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.978243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.986579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.978240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.978243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83204.885726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83204.885726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73318.625741                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73318.625741                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73056.456930                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73056.456930                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72048.780045                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72048.780045                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73318.625741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73882.208686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73882.015828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73318.625741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73882.208686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73882.015828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              7998503                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7998503                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        24313                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         24313                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       681475                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         681475                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7693803                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      7693803                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8375278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8378145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8375278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8378145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49887299500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49887299500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    181534500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181534500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 485143957500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 485143957500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 455965894500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 455965894500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    181534500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535031257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 535212791500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    181534500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535031257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 535212791500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.969369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.979034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999996                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999996                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.978240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.978243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.978240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.978243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73204.885726                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73204.885726                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63318.625741                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63318.625741                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63056.456930                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63056.456930                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62048.780045                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62048.780045                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63318.625741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63882.208686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63882.015828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63318.625741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63882.208686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63882.015828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7696670                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7998503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          7593244                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8029982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8029982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7696670                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     47045051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     47045051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               47045051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    189801240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    189801240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               189801240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          31318399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                31318399    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            31318399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         39316907500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35785028250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     31806914                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15893892                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          45749                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        45749                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7861473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16274218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        15232697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           703009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          703009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7858567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      7348540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      7348540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47713964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              47719936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    134698328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              134722856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        15613183                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         31526205                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001451                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.038066                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               31480456     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  45749      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           31526205                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20041394500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2906000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12235846000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
