
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.369630                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1369629578500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1369629578500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 580651                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   730425                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7952769649                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 845456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   172.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       125777776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          125800496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     63988632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        63988632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         15722222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            15725062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       7998579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            7998579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              16588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           91833426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              91850014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         16588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        46719663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             46719663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        46719663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             16588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          91833426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            138569677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    15725062                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    7998579                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  15725062                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  7998579                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1006401408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                90583104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               125800496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             63988632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               6583195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      7591381                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            983722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            981419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            980502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            980085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            981968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            984192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            984791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            983838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            983400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            983156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           982992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           982603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           982294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           982948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           983971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           983141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             88703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             88675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             89485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             88506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             87557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             88802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             88484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             87376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             87918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            87688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            88355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            88483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            87455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            89391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            89163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1369629532500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              15725062                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              7998579                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15659479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   8828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   9981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  86017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  87273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  87267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  87266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  87262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  87270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  87259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  87264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  87292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  87401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  87540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  87870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  87267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  87860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  87309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1786482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    614.046906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   368.626716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   434.765818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       485050     27.15%     27.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       125354      7.02%     34.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        87564      4.90%     39.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        71063      3.98%     43.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        77884      4.36%     47.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15747      0.88%     48.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        14275      0.80%     49.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        30303      1.70%     50.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       879242     49.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1786482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        87251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     180.227298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    111.364835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    400.804294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        87221     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           27      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         87251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        87251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.221717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.210258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.629603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            77226     88.51%     88.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1139      1.31%     89.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             8463      9.70%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              412      0.47%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               11      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         87251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  70756226500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            365600389000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                78625110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4499.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                23249.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       734.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        66.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     91.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     46.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14226229                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1127661                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      57732.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6737313240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3676113375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             61311954600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4597702560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          89457229680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         652446058275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         249453892500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1067680264230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            779.542042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 407045479750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   45734780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  916844747750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6768286560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3693013500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             61343037600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4573720080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          89457229680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         651423136275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         250351192500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1067609616195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            779.490460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 408474208500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   45734780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  915416234500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2739259157                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540074                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332165                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576153                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968381                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018775                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644615                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2739259157                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960293      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683575     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374160     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644615     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794189                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          15871643                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         16133.183989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            49130825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          15888027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.092318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       22946110500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 16133.183989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.984691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          515                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10552                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         275963435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        275963435                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     39535240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39535240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8893211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8893211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data       702374                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       702374                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      48428451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         48428451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     48428451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        48428451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7773438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7773438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       700513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       700513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8473951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8473951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8539487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8539487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 578120273500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 578120273500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  58629730000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  58629730000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 547761735000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 547761735000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 636750003500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 636750003500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 636750003500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 636750003500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.164313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.073018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.912758                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.912758                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.149900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74371.246481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74371.246481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83695.420356                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83695.420356                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74540.212750                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74540.212750                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75142.044543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75142.044543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74565.369501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74565.369501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8253486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8253486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7773438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7773438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       700513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       700513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      7348540                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8473951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8473951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8539487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8539487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 570346835500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 570346835500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  57929217000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57929217000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4998896000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4998896000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 540413195000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 540413195000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 628276052500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 628276052500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 633274948500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 633274948500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.164313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.073018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.912758                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912758                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.148921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.149900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73371.246481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73371.246481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82695.420356                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82695.420356                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76277.099609                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76277.099609                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73540.212750                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73540.212750                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74142.044543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74142.044543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74158.429950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74158.429950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2070.779716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135708542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          47784.697887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2070.779716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.126390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.126390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.173218                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         542848368                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        542848368                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    135708542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135708542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     135708542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135708542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    135708542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135708542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    213609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    213609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75214.436620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75214.436620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75214.436620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75214.436620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75214.436620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75214.436620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74214.436620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74214.436620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74214.436620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74214.436620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74214.436620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74214.436620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  15610303                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 120452.105927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7962863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  15730602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.506202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              1302854842500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    74963.726170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         35.468681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      45452.911093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.571928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.346778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.918977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        120299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        39778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        75159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917809                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  55542167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 55542167                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8253486                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8253486                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              19128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 19128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         146644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            146644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data             33                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total                33                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                165772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   165772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               165772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  165772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           681385                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              681385                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      7692330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7692330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8373715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8376555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8373715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8376555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  56677603500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56677603500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    206509000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    206509000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 562047505000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 562047505000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 529390038500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 529390038500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     206509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  618725108500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     618931617500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    206509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 618725108500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    618931617500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8253486                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8253486                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         700513                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            700513                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      7838974                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       7838974                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data      7348540                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       7348540                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8539487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8542327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8539487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8542327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.972694                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.972694                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981293                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.981293                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.999996                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.980588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.980594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.980588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.980594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83179.998826                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83179.998826                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72714.436620                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72714.436620                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73065.963759                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73065.963759                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72040.489109                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72040.489109                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72714.436620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73888.961888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73888.563676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72714.436620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73888.961888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73888.563676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              7998579                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7998579                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        19042                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         19042                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       681385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         681385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7692330                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      7692330                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8373715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8376555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8373715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8376555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49863753500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49863753500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178109000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178109000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 485124205000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 485124205000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 455904968500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 455904968500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 534987958500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 535166067500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 534987958500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 535166067500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.972694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999996                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999996                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.980594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.980594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73179.998826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73179.998826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62714.436620                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62714.436620                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63065.963759                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63065.963759                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62040.489109                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62040.489109                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62714.436620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63888.961888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63888.563676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62714.436620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63888.961888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63888.563676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7695170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7998579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          7591381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8029892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8029892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7695170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     47040084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     47040084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               47040084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    189789128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    189789128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               189789128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          31315022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                31315022    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            31315022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         39313606500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35781213000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     31762512                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15871645                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          39385                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        39385                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7841814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16252065                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        15229881                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           700513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          700513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7838974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      7348540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      7348540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47647697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              47653379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    134343784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              134366520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        15610303                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         31501170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035337                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               31461785     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  39385      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           31501170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20008000000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12213757000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
