
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.370931                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1370931201500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1370931201500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 586991                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   738400                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             8047238441                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 846480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   170.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       125797648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          125820584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     63991624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        63991624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         15724706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            15727573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       7998953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            7998953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              16730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           91760730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              91777460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         16730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        46677487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             46677487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        46677487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             16730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          91760730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            138454948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    15727573                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    7998953                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  15727573                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  7998953                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1006560832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                90566080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               125820584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             63991624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     60                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               6583832                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      7593809                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            984234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            981809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            980534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            980065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            981957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            984171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            984820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            983825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            983410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            983179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           983025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           982659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           982375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           983343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           984305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           983802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             88811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             88640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             89440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             88478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             87492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             88803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             88441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             87401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             87864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            87664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            88205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            88447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            87544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            89382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            89196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1370930972500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              15727573                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              7998953                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15661970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   8772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   9891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  86080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  87261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  87265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  87255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  87248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  87255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  87249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  87255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  87286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  87383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  87547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  87862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  87270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  87809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  87310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1785849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    614.344151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   368.713703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   434.931023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       485880     27.21%     27.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       124269      6.96%     34.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        87187      4.88%     39.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        71368      4.00%     43.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        77386      4.33%     47.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        16169      0.91%     48.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        14050      0.79%     49.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26958      1.51%     50.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       882582     49.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1785849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        87240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     180.278508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    111.423813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    415.676545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        87211     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           25      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         87240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        87240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.220713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.209250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.629855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            77298     88.60%     88.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1105      1.27%     89.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             8374      9.60%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              450      0.52%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               13      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         87240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  70832111750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            365722980500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                78637565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4503.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                23253.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       734.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        66.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     91.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     46.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14227315                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1129430                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      57780.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6729934680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3672087375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             61318943400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4596788880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          89542159200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         652878789165                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         249854486250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1068593188950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            779.468576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 407687505000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   45778200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  917459804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6770872080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3694424250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             61355431800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4572916560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          89542159200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         651585947940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         250988583750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1068510335580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            779.408115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 409503093750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   45778200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  915644060750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2741862403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540074                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332165                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576153                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968381                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018775                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644615                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2741862403                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960293      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683575     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374160     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644615     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794189                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          15963612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         16132.927825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            49038856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          15979996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.068765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       23109454500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 16132.927825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.984676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          80998848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         80998848                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     39456411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39456411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8883228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8883228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data       699217                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       699217                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      48339639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         48339639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     48339639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        48339639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7852267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7852267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       710496                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       710496                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data      7351697                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      7351697                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8562763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8562763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8628299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8628299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 579208407500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 579208407500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  58823716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  58823716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 547871166000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 547871166000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 638032123500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 638032123500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 638032123500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 638032123500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.165979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.165979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.913151                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.913151                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.150482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73763.208447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73763.208447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82792.466108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82792.466108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74523.088479                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74523.088479                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74512.411882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74512.411882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73946.454973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73946.454973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8344041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8344041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7852267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7852267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       710496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       710496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7351697                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      7351697                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8562763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8562763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8628299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8628299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 571356140500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 571356140500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  58113220000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58113220000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5023435000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5023435000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 540519469000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 540519469000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 629469360500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 629469360500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 634492795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 634492795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.165979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074058                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074058                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.913151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.150482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72763.208447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72763.208447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81792.466108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81792.466108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76651.535034                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76651.535034                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73523.088479                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73523.088479                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73512.411882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73512.411882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73536.255002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73536.255002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2026.785305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135708476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          46699.406745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2026.785305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.123705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.123705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167603                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         135714288                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        135714288                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    135708476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135708476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     135708476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135708476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    135708476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135708476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215716000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215716000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215716000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    215716000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    215716000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    215716000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74231.245699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74231.245699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74231.245699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74231.245699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74231.245699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74231.245699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    212810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    212810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    212810000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212810000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73231.245699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73231.245699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73231.245699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73231.245699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73231.245699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73231.245699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  15616544                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 123203.260146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8070619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  15736762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.512851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              1303468472500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    77822.417466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         36.149230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      45344.693443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.593738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.345953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.939966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        120218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        39608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        75250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917191                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  55745629                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 55745629                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8344041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8344041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          160                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              160                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              28892                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 28892                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              39                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 39                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         223208                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            223208                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data           3190                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total              3190                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                252100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   252139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   39                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               252100                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  252139                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           681604                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              681604                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      7694595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7694595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8376199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8379066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2867                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8376199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8379066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  56744110000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56744110000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    208041500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    208041500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 562159183500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 562159183500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 529458428500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 529458428500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     208041500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  618903293500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     619111335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    208041500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 618903293500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    619111335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8344041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8344041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          160                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          160                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         710496                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            710496                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2906                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2906                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      7917803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       7917803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data      7351697                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       7351697                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8628299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8631205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8628299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8631205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.959335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.959335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986579                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.986579                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.971809                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.971809                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999566                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.999566                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.986579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.970782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.970788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.986579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.970782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.970788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83250.846533                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83250.846533                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72564.178584                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72564.178584                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73058.969770                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73058.969770                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72049.795761                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72049.795761                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72564.178584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73888.322555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73887.869483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72564.178584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73888.322555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73887.869483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              7998953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   7998953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        75909                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         75909                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       681604                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         681604                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7694595                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      7694595                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      7348507                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8376199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8379066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8376199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8379066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49928070000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49928070000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    179371500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    179371500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 485213233500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 485213233500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 455973358500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 455973358500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    179371500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535141303500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 535320675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    179371500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535141303500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 535320675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.959335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.959335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.971809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999566                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999566                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.970782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.970788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.970782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.970788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73250.846533                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73250.846533                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62564.178584                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62564.178584                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63058.969770                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63058.969770                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62049.795761                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62049.795761                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62564.178584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63888.322555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63887.869483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62564.178584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63888.322555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63887.869483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7697462                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7998953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          7593809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8030111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8030111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7697462                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     47047908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     47047908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               47047908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    189812208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    189812208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               189812208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          31320335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                31320335    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            31320335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         39319293500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35787653500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     31946674                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15963772                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          99691                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        99691                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7920709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16342994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        15237162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           710496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          710496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7917803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      7351697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      7351697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47923604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              47929576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    135778720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              135803248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        15616544                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         31599446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.056079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               31499755     99.68%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  99691      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           31599446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20145437500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2906000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12304147500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
