
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.373170                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1373169592500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1373169592500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 593168                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   746171                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             8145200325                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 844040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   168.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       125818504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          125841224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     64050816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        64050816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         15727313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            15730153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8006352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8006352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              16546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           91626340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              91642886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         16546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        46644505                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             46644505                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        46644505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             16546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          91626340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            138287391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    15730153                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8006352                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  15730153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8006352                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1006723520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                90651776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               125841224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             64050816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     98                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               6589899                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      7589830                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            984056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            981778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            980885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            980339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            982198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            984354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            985132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            984065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            983572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            983338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           983167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           982802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           982507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           983193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           984757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           983912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             88817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             88789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             89488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             88756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             87632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             89029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             88560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             87420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             87929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            87426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            88254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            88502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            87470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            89424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            89471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1373169339500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              15730153                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              8006352                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15664512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   9279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  10236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  86478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  87313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  87301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  87295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  87295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  87295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  87297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  87297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  87309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  87346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  87382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  87748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  87304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  87714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  87356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1793951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    611.708266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   366.651913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   434.660959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       490228     27.33%     27.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       125923      7.02%     34.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        89684      5.00%     39.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        69943      3.90%     43.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        78309      4.37%     47.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        22729      1.27%     48.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12412      0.69%     49.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        22975      1.28%     50.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       881748     49.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1793951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        87292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     180.200362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    111.326552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    452.322371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        87265     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           23      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         87292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        87292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.226390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.214853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.631129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            77048     88.26%     88.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              945      1.08%     89.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             9084     10.41%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              211      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         87292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  71249314000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            366187845250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                78650275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4529.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                23279.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       733.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        66.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     91.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     46.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14223536                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1128992                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      57850.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6766623360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3692106000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             61329871200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4604247360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          89688624480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         655078262130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         249270588000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1070430322530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            779.533551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 406729637250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   45853080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  920585828750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6795555480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3707892375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             61364495400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4574128320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          89688624480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         654744404295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         249563445750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1070438546100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            779.539540                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 407144795250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   45853080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  920169876000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2746339185                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540074                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332165                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576153                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968381                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018775                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644615                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2746339185                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960293      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683575     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374160     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644615     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794189                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16112514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4045.308246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            48902242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16116610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.034276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       22111969500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4045.308246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.987624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          557                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         146154314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        146154314                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     39340296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39340296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8868023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8868023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data       693923                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       693923                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      48208319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         48208319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     48208319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        48208319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7968382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7968382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       725701                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       725701                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data      7356991                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      7356991                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8694083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8694083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8759619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8759619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 580808377500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 580808377500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  59052337000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  59052337000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 548419160000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 548419160000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 639860714500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 639860714500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 639860714500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 639860714500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.168434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.913808                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.913808                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.152789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.152789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.153764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.153764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72889.123225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72889.123225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81372.820211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81372.820211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74543.948742                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74543.948742                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73597.263162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73597.263162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73046.637588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73046.637588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8492163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8492163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7968382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7968382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       725701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       725701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7356991                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      7356991                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8694083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8694083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8759619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8759619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 572839995500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 572839995500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  58326636000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58326636000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4989584000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4989584000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 541062169000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 541062169000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 631166631500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 631166631500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 636156215500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 636156215500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.168434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075643                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075643                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.913808                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913808                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.152789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.153764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71889.123225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71889.123225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80372.820211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80372.820211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76135.009766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76135.009766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73543.948742                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73543.948742                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72597.263162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.263162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72623.731181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72623.731181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 9                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2067.937567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135708542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          47784.697887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2067.937567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.126217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.126217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.172791                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271425604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271425604                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    135708542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135708542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     135708542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135708542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    135708542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135708542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    214141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    214141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    214141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75401.760563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75401.760563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75401.760563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75401.760563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75401.760563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75401.760563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    211301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    211301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    211301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    211301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    211301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    211301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74401.760563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74401.760563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74401.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74401.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74401.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74401.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  15604796                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 126512.334756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8411122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  15733072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.534614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              1302858261500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    80784.168701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         37.441808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      45690.724264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.616334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.348593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.965213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        128276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        40561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        82353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978668                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  56047737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 56047737                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8492163                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8492163                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                9                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              43387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 43387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         337429                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            337429                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data           8481                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total              8481                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                380816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   380816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               380816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  380816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           682314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              682314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      7696489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7696489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      7348510                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         7348510                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8378803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8381643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8378803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8381643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  56782521000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56782521000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207041000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    207041000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 562235694500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 562235694500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 529937632000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 529937632000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     207041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  619018215500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     619225256500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 619018215500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    619225256500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8492163                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8492163                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            9                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         725701                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            725701                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      8033918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       8033918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data      7356991                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       7356991                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8759619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8762459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8759619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8762459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.940214                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.940214                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.957999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.957999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998847                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.998847                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.956526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.956540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.956526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.956540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83220.512843                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83220.512843                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72901.760563                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72901.760563                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73050.931990                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73050.931990                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72114.977322                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72114.977322                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72901.760563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73879.075030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73878.743881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72901.760563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73879.075030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73878.743881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8006352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8006352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         4725                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          4725                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       682314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         682314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7696489                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      7696489                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7348510                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      7348510                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8378803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8381643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8378803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8381643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49959381000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49959381000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178641000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178641000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 485270804500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 485270804500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 456452532000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 456452532000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535230185500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 535408826500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535230185500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 535408826500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.940214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.957999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998847                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998847                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.956526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.956540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.956526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.956540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73220.512843                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73220.512843                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62901.760563                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62901.760563                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63050.931990                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63050.931990                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62114.977322                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62114.977322                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62901.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63879.075030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63878.743881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62901.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63879.075030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63878.743881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7699329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8006352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          7589830                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8030824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8030824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7699329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     47056488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     47056488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               47056488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    189892040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    189892040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               189892040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          31326335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                31326335    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            31326335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         39332692500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35793742750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     32231973                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16112523                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          13339                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        13339                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8036758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16498515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        15218795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           725701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          725701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      8033918                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      7356991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      7356991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48345734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              48351423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    138014256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              138037048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        15604796                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         31724246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.020501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               31710907     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  13339      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           31724246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20362072500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12438114500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
