
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.374612                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1374611846500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1374611846500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 599196                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   753754                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             8236616199                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 844040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   166.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       125826064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          125848784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     64061296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        64061296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         15728258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            15731098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8007662                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8007662                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              16528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           91535705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              91552233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         16528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        46603189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             46603189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        46603189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             16528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          91535705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            138155422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    15731098                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8007662                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  15731098                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8007662                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1006784192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                90645184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               125848784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             64061296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     95                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               6591311                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      7589513                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            984140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            981824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            980921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            980374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            982238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            984368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            985202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            984117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            983609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            983360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           983206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           982837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           982533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           983224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           984958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           984092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             88859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             88811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             89491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             88716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             87620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             89068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             88568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             87406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             87905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            87366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            88188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            88471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            87429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            89447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            89507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1374611593500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              15731098                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              8007662                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15665459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   9533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  10370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  86396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  87286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  87272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  87271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  87269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  87270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  87268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  87273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  87279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  87294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  87317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  87783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  87274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  87722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  87328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1791064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    612.724503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   367.418255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   434.840516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       487783     27.23%     27.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       126645      7.07%     34.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        87254      4.87%     39.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        72023      4.02%     43.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        77675      4.34%     47.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        17359      0.97%     48.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        13284      0.74%     49.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        29782      1.66%     50.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       879259     49.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1791064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        87266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     180.264914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    111.427973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    451.812802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        87240     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           22      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         87266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        87266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.230044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.218364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.634869                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            76889     88.11%     88.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              836      0.96%     89.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             9387     10.76%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              151      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         87266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  70780960750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            365737267000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                78655015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4499.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                23249.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       732.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        65.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     91.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     46.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14226796                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1129465                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      57905.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6756772680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3686731125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             61332788400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4604713920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          89782708080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         654546184515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         250601596500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1071311495220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            779.357711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 408931490250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   45901180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  919775686750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6783512400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3701321250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             61368902400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4573000800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          89782708080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         654371124975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         250755157500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1071335727405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            779.375339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 409126799000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   45901180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  919580228500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2749223693                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540074                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332165                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576153                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968381                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018775                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644615                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2749223693                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960293      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683575     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374160     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644615     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794189                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16270489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2029.774701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            48746315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16272537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              2.995619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       21960169500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2029.774701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.991101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         146310241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        146310241                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     39217765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39217765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8851411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8851411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data       677139                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       677139                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      48069176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         48069176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     48069176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        48069176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      8090913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       8090913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       742313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       742313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data      7373775                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      7373775                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8833226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8833226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8898762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8898762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 582501348500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 582501348500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  59209165500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  59209165500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 548168021000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 548168021000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 641710514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 641710514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 641710514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 641710514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9593724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      8050914                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     56902402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     56967938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.171024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.171024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.915893                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.915893                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.155235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.155235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.156206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71994.513907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71994.513907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79763.072316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79763.072316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74340.215290                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74340.215290                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72647.356017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72647.356017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72112.335851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72112.335851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8641039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8641039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8090913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8090913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       742313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       742313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7373775                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      7373775                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8833226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8833226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8898762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8898762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 574410435500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 574410435500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  58466852500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58466852500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5005531000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5005531000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 540794246000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 540794246000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 632877288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 632877288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 637882819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 637882819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.171024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.915893                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915893                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.155235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.156206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70994.513907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70994.513907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78763.072316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78763.072316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76378.341675                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76378.341675                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73340.215290                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73340.215290                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71647.356017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71647.356017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71682.197928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71682.197928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 9                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2068.858812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135708542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          47784.697887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2068.858812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.126273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.126273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.172791                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271425604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271425604                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    135708542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135708542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     135708542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135708542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    135708542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135708542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    213591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    213591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    213591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75208.098592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75208.098592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75208.098592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75208.098592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75208.098592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75208.098592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210751000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210751000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    210751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74208.098592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74208.098592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74208.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74208.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74208.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74208.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  15603235                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 127541.994237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8694137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  15732990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.552606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              1303251353500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    81754.201980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         37.469951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      45750.322322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.623735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.349047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.973068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        129755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        40479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        83818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989952                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  56394953                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 56394953                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8641039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8641039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                9                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              59774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 59774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         459243                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            459243                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data          25262                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total             25262                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                519017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   519017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               519017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  519017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           682539                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              682539                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      7697206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7697206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      7348513                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         7348513                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             8379745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8382585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            8379745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8382585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  56725756000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56725756000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    206491000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    206491000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 562359238000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 562359238000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 529468332500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 529468332500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     206491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  619084994000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     619291485000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    206491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 619084994000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    619291485000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8641039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8641039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            9                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         742313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            742313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      8156449                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       8156449                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data      7373775                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       7373775                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8898762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8901602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8898762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8901602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.919476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.919476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.943696                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.943696                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996574                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.996574                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.941675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.941694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.941675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.941694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83109.911668                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83109.911668                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72708.098592                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72708.098592                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73060.177680                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73060.177680                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72051.084689                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72051.084689                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72708.098592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73878.739031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73878.342421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72708.098592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73878.739031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73878.342421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8007662                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8007662                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         2428                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          2428                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       682539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         682539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7697206                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      7697206                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7348513                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      7348513                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        8379745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8382585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       8379745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8382585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49900366000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49900366000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178091000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178091000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 485387178000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 485387178000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 455983202500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 455983202500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535287544000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 535465635000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    178091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535287544000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 535465635000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.919476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.943696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996574                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996574                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.941675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.941694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.941675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.941694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73109.911668                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73109.911668                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62708.098592                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62708.098592                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63060.177680                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63060.177680                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62051.084689                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62051.084689                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62708.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63878.739031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63878.342421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62708.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63878.739031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63878.342421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7700046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8007662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          7589513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8031052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8031052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7700046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     47059371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     47059371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               47059371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    189910080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    189910080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               189910080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          31328273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                31328273    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            31328273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         39335940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35796327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     32545875                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16270498                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           8488                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8488                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8159289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16648701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        15225023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           742313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          742313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      8156449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      7373775                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      7373775                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48815563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              48821252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    140318408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              140341200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        15603235                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         31878612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.016315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               31870124     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   8488      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           31878612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20593461500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12585649500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
